_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: true # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: true # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

changed profile pic and bio + minor changes to config

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: left
  image: Portraitfoto_Vogelsang
  image_circular: true # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: false # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: false # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

---
I'm a Ph.D. candidate at the VISUS (Visualisierungsinstitut der Universität Stuttgart), specializing in Human-Robot Interaction (HRI), Augmented Reality (AR), and Situated Visualization. I earned my Master's degree in Computer Science from the University of Stuttgart, providing a solid foundation for my current research interests.

My work revolves around the practical intersections of HRI, AR, and Situated Visualization. Based at VISUS, I'm focused on contributing insights to these evolving technologies. Let's explore the potential of these fields together in shaping a tech-driven future.
